Update fluent-package installation document (#462)
fluent/fluentd-docs-gitbook: installation/install-by-msi.md

# Install by .msi Installer \(Windows\)

The recommended way to install Fluentd on Windows is to use MSI installers of `fluent-package`.

## What is `fluent-package`?

`fluent-package` is a packaged distribution of Fluentd which is formerly known as `td-agent`.

* Includes Ruby and other library dependencies \(since most Windows machines don't have them installed\).
* Includes a set of commonly-used 3rd-party plugins such as `out_es`.

Currently two versions of distributions are available.

* `fluent-package` v5 package \(Fluentd 1.16.2 or later\). This version is recommended.
* `td-agent` v4 package \(Fluentd 1.16.1 or below\).

NOTE:

> * About `td-agent` v4, See [Install by .msi Installer (Windows)](install-by-msi-td-agent-v4.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* About `td-agent` v4, See [Install by .msi Installer v4 (Windows)](install-by-msi-td-agent-v4.html).
```

</match>
```

### Step 3: Launch Fluent Package Command Prompt with Administrator privilege

Open Windows Start menu, and search `Fluent Package Command Prompt`. In most environments, the program will be found right under the "Recently Added" section or "Best match" section.

![Windows start menu and Fluent Package Command Prompt](../.gitbook/assets/fluent-package5-menu.png)

> `Fluent Package Command Prompt` is basically `cmd.exe`, with a few PATH tweaks for `fluentd` programs. Use this program whenever you need to interact with `fluentd`.

Reviewer: I think the either of the following 2 would be better.

```suggestion
`Fluent Package Command Prompt` is basically `cmd.exe`, with a few PATH tweaks for Fluentd programs. Use this program whenever you need to interact with Fluentd.
```

```suggestion
`Fluent Package Command Prompt` is basically `cmd.exe`, with a few PATH tweaks for `fluent-package` programs. Use this program whenever you need to interact with `fluent-package`.
```

### Step 4: Run `fluentd`

Type the following command into `Fluent Package Command Prompt` with Administrator privilege:

```text
C:\opt\fluent> fluentd
```

Now `fluentd` starts listening to Windows Eventlog, and will print records to stdout as they occur.

![Fluent Package Command Prompt](../.gitbook/assets/fluent-package5-prompt.png)

### Step 5: Run `fluentd` as Windows service

> Since version 5.0.0, `fluentd` is registered as a Windows service permanently by the msi installer,
> but not enabled by default. You must start `fluentd` service manually.

Reviewer: Since the first half is about v4, how about summarizing it as follows?

```suggestion
Fluentd is registered as a Windows service permanently by the msi installer.
Since version 5.0.0, the service does not automatically start after installed. You must manually start it.
```

Author: Applied, thanks!
